docs: add deployment guide for contracts and dapp (#321)
theahaco/scaffold-stellar: website/docs/deploy.md

  --published-name my-contract \
  -- \
  --help

# Install the deployed contract locally
stellar registry create-alias my-contract
```

Additionally, you might want to have a look into registering your contract with
[Stellar.Expert](https://stellar.expert/explorer/public/contract/validation).

We provide a template GitHub action which you have to adjust based on your needs.
This action compiles your contract(s), create some signed attestations and registers
the specific WASM to Stellar.Expert. You then need to download and upload that
specific WASM using the aforementioned `stellar registry` commands.

## dApp

Once you are ready to deploy your dApp, you can run:

```bash
npm run build
```

This will bundle your application in the `/dist` folder. Then you
have mainly two approaches to serve its content:

1. A centralized service provider like Vercel, Netlify, else.
2. A decentralized solution like IPFS.

As we are developing a blockchain application and decentralization is one of
the core principle of what we do, we recommend to deploy on your application
following a decentralized approach.

If for some reason you still prefer a centralized solution, you can have a look

> at this extensive guide from [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/docs/deployment).

Author: True, I just did not know about it 😅 

```suggestion
at this extensive guide from [Vite](https://vite.dev/guide/static-deploy).
```
